[The Dark Romance]
[Episode 19]
Off to Jinfangdi!
[Harbor Island]
Over here!
This bus!
Setting off in 10 minutes. Get on the bus.
[Tongwan to Jinfangdi]
Over here!
This bus is off to Jinfangdi.
Hop on!
Get on the bus!
Right here!
[Harbor Island Edward Hospital]
That fire
was a serious incident.
It's known to many.
The doctor on duty was...
Dr. Tao, as I remember.
After the incident,
he was dismissed by the hospital.
This is the news report about the fire.
You can take a look.
[Psychiatric patient goes crazy
and sets a fire]
One dead, two injured.
Serious, indeed.
[One dead and two injured
in Edward Hospital]
"Dr. Tao"?
Yes.
It was Dr. Tao, Tao Jiajun.
"T-Tao..."
What's his name?
"Tao Jiajun."
Did you come here
to ask about this matter?
Yes.
Hey, Dr. Tao.
I-I couldn't find No. 491.
I walked past No. 489, and there was
no other building ahead.
Where are you now?
I'm in a plaza.
There are many people.
Over here! Here!
Yes, I'm in a blue jacket.
I'm right behind you!
Can you see me?
Dr. Tao.
Hello, Li.
I'm Li.
Yes, I am.
The incident ruined
my professional reputation.
It took a toll on my career,
and I couldn't be a doctor anymore.
Would you like to buy insurance?
No, no.
Dr. Tao,
my mother manages all my money.
I can't make any decisions.
Dr. Tao,
that woman, Qiao Lihua,
who set the fire years ago,
was a patient of yours, right?
Do you remember her medical condition
at that time?
Back then, she just
had some trouble falling asleep.
It was insomnia and stuff.
Her condition was not serious.
She came to see me to address
her sleeping problems,
so she could have the energy
to work several jobs during the day.
A long time ago,
she married a man from the Harbor Island
and moved here with her daughter
from Tanhua, Nanhu.
Her husband
was old
and lazy.
I knew it was hard for her
to support the family alone.
But we had to follow certain rules
when prescribing medicine.
We couldn't give out too many drugs.
Every time before we prescribed,
we had to charge
registration and consultation fees.
Despite all her discontent,
she had no reason to kill me.
She even b-brought gasoline and a dagger
to the hospital that day.
She must've thought it all out.
I don't know.
Could you describe what exactly happened
that day?
I... don't think I could.
Because I was not there
when the fire happened.
You weren't there?
That day,
my daughter suddenly
had an issue at school.
So I took a leave and went to be with her.
As for what exactly
happened in the hospital,
I have no idea at all.
Only the medical intern I was supervising
back then was there.
Well, then...
The newspaper said the fire
was caused
by a doctor-patient dispute.
That information was actually told
by the intern?
Yes.
Qiao Lihua died.
Her daughter escaped the fire
and went insane.
She just wouldn't say anything.
I heard she was sent
to a psychiatric hospital.
That medical intern
became a hero who saved a life.
People would believe whatever he said.
Do you still remember the name
of that intern?
There's no way I'll ever forget it.
It's "Luo Liang."
Take a seat there.
Sit.
We just came down here
and you're already sweating a lot.
Let me wipe the sweat off.
Are you thirsty?
Just wait here.
I'll go fetch you water.
Don't go anywhere!
Are you feeling hot?
As if you were being burned by fire,
right?
Actually, you love the heat.
I know...
that you enjoy playing with fire,
yet your mother wouldn't let you.
That was why you hated her guts.
So much so that you wanted her dead.
I bet you must be happy now.
You kept thinking
if she was out of the picture,
you could be
with the man you loved forever.
It just didn't occur to you
that she would really disappear.
Nobody could stop you anymore.
God heard
your wish,
and made it come true for you.
Wasn't it great?
You should celebrate it.
Yuan.
Zishan!
I told you not to go anywhere.
I was scared for you.
What's with you?
Are you feeling unwell?
Go to sleep then.
I'm terribly sorry.
We're obligated
to respect every patient's privacy.
Zishan was just
transferred last month.
If only you had come before that.
Could you please tell me
where Qiao Zishan was transferred to?
Morning, sir!
Morning!
Greetings received.
Make way, will you?
You're asking about Zishan...
Did something happen to her?
I remember getting a call
from the Harbor Island police
a few days ago,
saying they were helping the Wuzhou police
in the mainland
to gather information about Zishan.
Wuzhou police?
Isn't Qiao Zishan from Tanhua,
Nanhu Province?
Why are the Wuzhou police
investigating her case?
Sorry.
Without police authorization,
we...
can't disclose too much information.
This way.
My apologies
for not being helpful.
I understand.
This sanatorium has been bought out.
It's under renovation these days,
so things are a bit messy.
Xu!
That's scaffolding.
Don't play over there!
Stop playing over there!
It's dangerous here.
Stick the paper elsewhere.
I'm not finished yet.
Go there. Stick the paper there.
Bring this
and let us take you to eat, okay?
Fang,
have this area blocked off.
[Harbor Island-Style Diner]
Who drew this?
Zishan.
Listen to me.
You must not be with him.
How could a man who has ruined your future
and put you through hell
genuinely love you?
You must not be with him.
You're practically playing with fire.
I have never
loved someone the way I love you.
But your mother said
she would rather die
than let us be together.
How could I bring myself
to really let you hurt your mother?
God heard your wish.
Your mother really disappeared.
You should celebrate it.
[Special Care Unit]
Your fellow Wuzhou police
have also contacted Minkang Sanatorium
on the Harbor Island.
[Wuzhou People's Hospital]
[Special Care Unit]
Yes, Qiao Zishan was getting better.
The fire broke out all of a sudden.
Nobody knows
how she got a fire lighter.
Fortunately, the fire was put out in time.
So she wasn't badly injured.
We're giving her a larger dose
of sedatives now.
Doctor.
Does she have a tattoo in this pattern?
The left side of her body
has large, old burn scars.
As for tattoos...
I think she has one in her lower back.
In this pattern?
But most of it was burned.
This part looks a bit like it, though.
This?
It's confirmed then.
Director Huang of that sanatorium
on the Harbor Island
said this was drawn by Qiao Zishan.
She must've also fallen victim to Mister.
You said she had regained consciousness
for a while.
Is it possible for us
to ask her questions?
Her testimony means a lot to us.
Her consciousness is recovering.
But a tricky situation tends to rise
when you talk to a patient like her.
That is, usually, she feels more reluctant
to speak of things
she'd hate to bring up
when she's conscious.
Unless...
Unless what?
Right.
The doctor said we could consider
putting her under hypnosis.
Captain,
should we go for it?
Breakfast is ready.
I‘m not hungry.
Thanks, though.
[A fire accidentally broke out last night
at Wuzhou People's Hospital]
[It is suspected to be set
by an inpatient]
[Mr. Zhang, a witness]
[who lives near the hospital,]
[said he noticed the hospital was in fire]
[Multiple police cars and fire trucks
arrived at the scene soon]
[Emergency Fire Report]
[July 17, 2019, Wednesday]
[Remember to eat. I love you]
I couldn't fall sleep.
[I'm very upset]
How about you?
I'm very upset.
Why are we always fighting?
[I couldn't sleep the entire night.
What about you?]
Can we stop fighting?
[I'm very upset.
Why are we always fighting?]
I'm worried about you.
Are you as upset as I am?
It's been hours.
Yet I haven't slept a wink.
Are you asleep?
I really hate to get in a fight with you.
I love you.
Remember to eat.
You're right.
[You're right. My life...]
My life
is indeed
filled with irreparable mistakes.
[My life is indeed
filled with irreparable mistakes]
So I retreated into a protective carapace
and became reliant on only myself.
[So I retreated into a protective carapace
and become reliant on only myself]
I even put on a tough exterior.
But meanwhile,
[I even put on a tough exterior.
But meanwhile, I was weak]
I was weak.
I...
"I think," "I assume," "I remember"...
[I was too weak to face my...]
You passionately confessed your love
for another man
with words of affection
that you have never said to me.
Have you ever taken my feelings
into consideration?
Why can't you care about someone else
than yourself?
I've done everything I can to support you.
[Honey]
How can I accept all this?
I'm so sorry. I'm sorry.
[Honey]
I'm sorry.
I really am so sorry.
It's all my fault.
You should know
that except my father and Jiale,
you are the only man I love in this world.
Dr. Luo, today's meeting
has been rescheduled
for tomorrow.
Really?
What are you laughing at?
You seem happy.
I'm in a great mood.
Because I can rest now.
I'll get back to work then.
Thanks.
[July 17, 2019, Wednesday]
Hey, Honey.
Ms. Yan,
this is Li.
Officer Li,
what can I do for you?
[July 17, 2019, Wednesday]
Well, is your husband at home?
He's off to work.
Good.
I... need a word with you.
[July 17, 2019, Wednesday]
Ms. Yan,
this is head of the Special Crimes Unit,
Wang Haoying,
Officer Wang.
Nice to meet you.
Ms. Yan, when...
did you and Dr. Luo first meet?
About...
six months ago,
around the time of Leilei's incident.
You got married after knowing each other
for only six months?
Did he pursue you?
Why are you guys
suddenly so interested in him?
Do you know
Luo Liang changed his name before?
Yes, I do.
You do?
His former name was Xiao Su.
X-I-A-O, Xiao.
S-U, Su.
Yes.
Do you know why he changed it?
He told me everything.
That was in the past.
I know all about it.
Why?
Is there a problem?
It's our belief...
that he's a dangerous man.
Dangerous?
There's no direct evidence now,
but we do suspect
that Luo Liang
is the true founder
of the PUA Theory that Xia Yi
and others studied.
They call him
"Mister."
[Incoming call: Honey]
The number you have dialed
is temporarily unavailable.
These are all just speculations
now, right?
You can't prove he is Mister,
can you?
Well...
If he really is Mister,
why would he marry me?
The number you have dialed
is temporarily unavailable.
I understand why you kept secrets from me.
I've also done a lot of thinking.
No matter what,
I still can't stop loving you.
Did I startle you?
I... I was cooking,
so I didn't notice you were back.
Sorry.
I shouldn't have lost my temper with you
this morning.
You put so much effort
in making breakfast,
yet I left without even eating it.
It's okay.
I was all sulky the whole day,
worrying that you might be upset
at home alone.
I called you
but you didn't answer the phone.
Did you go out?
Yes, for groceries.
Last night,
I forgot to charge my phone.
You only went grocery shopping?
I'm sorry.
I saw the notes
you wrote.
I spent the entire day thinking.
I'm sorry, Honey.
Ding Zhibo...
is like a stinking abscess
that I'd hate to let anyone see.
I was trying
to keep you from thinking
that I still had anything to do with him.
I don't love him.
You know that.
You didn't tell me the truth
because you didn't believe
that I'd trust you and accept you.
In fact, if you had said it,
we could've faced it
and solved the problem together.
Back then,
when that video was released,
didn't you and Lu
report it to Officer Li?
You can ask Officer Li
for help and updates
on Ding Zhibo's case.
He seems like a zealous officer to me.
Attorney Zhou...
previously said
that the p-police had started
an investigation.
She told me to just wait
to hear from them.
Besides, you were right.
I wrote all those letters myself.
It can only prove that I...
I don't want to humiliate myself anymore.
You still have me.
Do you love me?
Yes, I do.
[For Police Officers]
[Notebook]
Read it, Ms. Yan.
[Suicide at Xueyu Royal Hotel]
Now, to our knowledge,
at least 3 girls killed themselves
[Suicide at Xueyu Royal Hotel]
[Tragic! A 22-year-old
former figure skating champion dies]
for Dr. Luo.
[of jumping off a gymnasium]
In addition, the son of one of the victims
clearly remembers this man's name
as "Luo Liang."
Also,
now, a girl...
It's true that we don't have
enough evidence to open a case now,
or treat Luo Liang as a criminal suspect.
But as friends,
we have to warn you.
Being with him now is extremely dangerous.
[Suicide at Xueyu Royal Hotel]
Do you mean...
I'm also his prey?
It's a real possibility.
Then why would he marry me?
That is too high a cost, isn't it?
It depends on...
what he tries to obtain.
What's in it for him?
I'm a single mother
who is close to losing her job.
What do I have that's worth
him doing all that?
Ms. Yan, what's wrong
with being a single mother?
It's not something to be ashamed of.
You can always find a new job.
You are so capable.
What are you afraid of?
Ms. Yan, when I first met you,
you were not like this at all.
You were very brave
and assertive.
Have you forgotten?
If you hadn't insisted
on going after Xia Yi,
I might have been deceived by him.
You're a wonderful woman, Ms. Yan.
You...
You are just great.
Don't sell yourself short.
Do you think Dr. Luo is treating you
differently from his other victims
because you two are married?
But think about this carefully.
Are you happy after meeting him?
Is your life better than before?
I don't know.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
Why are you saying sorry?
I'm sorry. I'm just sorry.
A major characteristic
of gaslighting victims
is that they constantly apologize
and always feel they have done wrong.
Sorry. I'm sorry.
I've lost everything now.
Luo Liang is all I have.
How could he be lying to me?
Ms. Yan, I know...
this is a lot to process.
If
all of this is true,
and he did commit those crimes,
then...
will he be punished?
To be honest,
except for the boy who can prove
that Luo Liang was his tutor,
we have no evidence to prove
that Luo Liang is Mister.
We can't even confirm his identity
at the moment,
let alone prove
that he caused those girls
to commit suicide.
So, did you ask me to come over today
to talk me into leaving him
and divorcing him?
Is it today?
Okay, got it.
Talk to you later in the hospital.
What happened?
I missed a meeting.
I completely forgot about it.
It was all your fault,
for distracting me from work.
I'm sorry.
Honey.
How about I throw that hamster cage away
when I leave for work later?
I'd hate for you to get upset
as you clean it
at home every day.
When Jiale gets in a better mood,
we'll take him to buy a new pet.
Let's wait till we have Jiale's consent.
If we throw the cage away right now,
he'll think that I don't respect him.
By keeping the cage,
I'll have a chance to admit to him
that I did wrong.
That's true.
If you had owned up
to your mistakes earlier,
many things wouldn't have happened.
I'm leaving.
Be careful on the road.
Sure!
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
Honey.
How about I throw that hamster cage away
when I leave for work later?
I'd hate for you to get upset
as you clean it at home every day.
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
Hello, Ms. Yan.
This is
Li.
Officer Li,
what can I do for you?
You can ask Officer Li
for help and updates
on Ding Zhibo's case.
He seems like a zealous officer to me.
[Lihai Renxin Hospital]
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
Morning, Dr. Luo.
What's with Dr. Luo today?
I don't know.
He seems to be in a bad mood.
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
Dr. Luo,
there are 12 patients
with special needs today.
Okay.
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
Property management?
Hello.
The water is not draining
in my kitchen sink.
I think the pipes are clogged.
Hello, doctor.
Did I ask you to come in?
Get out.
Come back in when I tell you to.
Okay.
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
[Scan for cameras]
[Loading]
[Camera Detector]
[Pinhole camera detection via network]
[Scan now]
[Scanning for cameras]
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
[Eight devices are found
connected to the network]
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
[Property Management]
Hello?
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
Let me check.
The sink is draining now.
[July 18, 2019, Thursday]
Thank you.
Honey,
I need to go out now.
Officer Li called me yesterday
and asked me to go meet him today.
I guess there's progress on Leilei's case.
Of course,
it could also be about Ding Zhibo's case.
I'll pick up groceries on my way home.
[The Dark Romance]
[Adult Psychiatric Clinic]
[Harbor Island Edward Hospital]
[How to identify a mental health crisis]
Zishan.
Zishan,
what do you enjoy drawing most?
Such a beautiful painting.
This girl looks a lot like you.
Who is that young man?
I can't tell you.
Why not?
He said I couldn't tell anyone
about him yet,
and that I had to wait
till my mother gave approval.
I understand
you and your mother were very close.
You always listened to her.
Did she not approve
of you two being together?
Why did she not?
Was it related to "that"?
Zishan!